okay so next we're just gonna have a
look at raising and lowering a casualty
on a pre-rigged rig for rescue system at
level one okay so it's part the syllabus
now and an awareness of bringing him up
if it's all pre rigged by a level three
it's dead easy we've got enough rope in
this bag to be able to lower that
casualty to the ground or bring him back
up to where we are okay so I've chained
the ropes out the waist and see what's
going on
unclip unchain and then if we just pull
down the jammer and clip it on the guys
work in line all I need to do is unlock
the descender clip it into our chest oh
it is a few of you just pull on it and
then sit down and using this three two
one dead system our guy will start
coming back up taking a bit on his back
up and then we can just start just in
the jammers and bringing him back up
quite straightforward especially if
you're using an ace up if we want to
lower him again again it's very simple
we just take off the jammer if we pull
all this tight that off that axis is
friction beaner and we just need to
unlock the ASAP so this will now run
unlock the handle and you can lower just
making sure that everything is running
all the time you can lower your casualty
back down to the ground didn't put
anyone else that danger going to get him
it's nice and straightforward